very good friends of like crash today
halls and we're in patch 6.2 in the
jungle of this great concretely we are
at the doors of the settlement of the
horde in the forest volmar in this video
help us bring a little bit how to
they get the two new followers for
our citadel we will see how it
can get concretely in both
new followers are something 'that work or
warrior weapons with the gross trait
considerably increases the
probability of success in missions in
lonely and gold not a sorcerer of
technology with another new feature that
called demonic knowledge grants a
great modification to the probability of
success of the missions good let's see
a little how you get these two
gentlemen as I said then you get
in patch 6.2 the moment that
update and it's going to require that
let's have our our
neighbor sittings parked our
settlement in both volmar and the
advanced of the lion we will have to get to
Catalan build it and day by day go
doing all the missions that are going
putting in our settlement for
that from time to time
draka in this case for the horde and other
of pc for alliance of missions
citadel campaigns these missions we
they will discover the whole plot that goes to
happen lasts all the covers
specifically, it will take us through
under here thrown from the lion to frank
and will take her to the sonar temple they will take
to the ruins declare to have the moats of
blood will take him to the throne of kilian and
lastly will send a broadcast
which is called the Citadel's campaign
sorcerer that I will not make you watch that
is going for him I'm pointing with the mouse
by the coordinates 62 28 30 03 there is a
zone and that you can not enter and that
you can only see them doing that
mission
once roots that mission or jump to a
achievement that is to perform all missions
of the
of the citadel here we have it
you my city now forgave
advanced and once we do that gold
not to accompany us to that division
will give the mission the key of condemnation
here is the key to condemnation and
will automatically give us this follower
epic directly epic is worth where the
they are and upload it we will not have to upload
the characteristics of green or blue to
epic not directly epic we have
there like rock now we go with mario
goodbye is achieved by an achievement of
the new city band was fire
infernal concretely let's see here
the achievement we go bands of aenor band
several down here
and the race against the slugs
defeat king rock mart eyes in the
citadel of infernal fire and get
that Aryan survive the encounter in
normal or superior difficulty but good
so I have not seen it I find it the
kid rock but it's also in
in the new band evidently already its
side we would have to area then during the
encounter we have to try that
survive how it is done then do not
worry that when you take out the new
band and we made the achievements we
worry that we will leave a video of
how that particular achievement is made
here in this video we inform you a little
of what's new but more
go ahead when we go to the new band
and we can make the achievements not you
worry that we will make an achievement
detailed for is the follower how it
does the achievement and how can we have it and
little more guys
the truth that good are little
followers since now they have put the
scissors and there are many novelties with them
but two followed at least we have as
novelty inside the citadel so
nothing if you liked the video or helped
please give me I like to remember
subscribe to the channel to be always
aware of the news and remember that
all the information you have in our
official site www.shakira.com fan
we see in the following video chacha
Boys